[LP-100856] Feat: Add force abort (#289)
lifebit-ai/cloudos-cli: README.md

        Job 680a3cf80e56949775c02f16 aborted successfully.
```

##### Force Abort

> The `--force` flag allows you to abort jobs faster as it kills the running infrastructure. When using this flag, be aware that some data might be lost (could eb results or logs, based on whatthe run is performing at the moment of the forced abort).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--force` flag allows you to abort jobs faster as it removes the running infrastructure. When using this flag, be aware that some data might be lost (it could be results or logs, based on what the job is performing at the moment of the forced abort).
```

Reviewer: `kills` is a bit harsh 😄
